Update install-redis-on-windows.md (#306)
redis/docs: content/operate/oss_and_stack/install/install-redis/install-redis-on-windows.md

127.0.0.1:6379> ping
PONG
{{< / highlight >}}

> You can also test that your Redis server is running using the Redis Insight tool for easier access.

Reviewer: Thanks Sanket! Let's make Redis Insight a link to its connect page.

```suggestion
You can also test that your Redis server is running using [Redis Insight]({{< relref "/develop/connect/insight" >}}) for easier access.
```
